README.md, before:

# Lovpy
#### An easy-to-use, yet powerful, logic verification library for Python.

## Description:
TODO

# Installation
TODO

## Basic usage:
### Start validation:
`python -m lovpy <script.py>`

An alternative way to start validation programmatically is the addition of a single python line:\
`import lovpy`

### Train models:
`python -m lovpy -t <all | simple | gnn>`

### Evaluate:
`python -m lovpy -e <examples | synthetics>`

### Supported Environmental Variables:
- `LOVPY_ENGINE = BASIC | MLP | GNN | HYBRID` : Explicitly enables a specific verification engine.  
- `LOVPY_DISABLE_GPU = 0 | 1` : When set to `1` disables GPU usage by tensorflow.
- `LOVPY_SESSION_NAME = <name>` : Sets a custom name for current session.
- `LOVPY_TEMP_DIR = <dir>` : Sets directory where lovpy will store all data and reports of a session.
- `LOVPY_DEV_MODE = 0 | 1` : When set to `1` enables development mode.

## License:

This project is licensed under Apache License 2.0. A copy of this license is contained in current project under `LICENSE` file. It applies to all files in this project whether or not it is stated in them.

Copyright 2021 | Dimitrios S. Karageorgiou

Commit message:

Implemented env var for selecting models dir.

README.md, after:

# Lovpy
#### An easy-to-use, yet powerful, logic verification library for Python.

## Description:
TODO

# Installation
TODO

## Basic usage:
### Start validation:
`python -m lovpy <script.py>`

An alternative way to start validation programmatically is the addition of a single python line:\
`import lovpy`

### Train models:
`python -m lovpy -t <all | simple | gnn>`

### Evaluate:
`python -m lovpy -e <examples | synthetics>`

### Supported Environmental Variables:
- `LOVPY_ENGINE = BASIC | MLP | GNN | HYBRID` : Explicitly enables a specific verification engine.  
- `LOVPY_DISABLE_GPU = 0 | 1` : When set to `1` disables GPU usage by tensorflow.
- `LOVPY_SESSION_NAME = <name>` : Sets a custom name for current session.
- `LOVPY_TEMP_DIR = <dir>` : Directory where lovpy will store all data and reports of a session.
- `LOVPY_MODELS_DIR = <dir>` : Directory which lovpy will use for storing and loading models. 
- `LOVPY_DEV_MODE = 0 | 1` : When set to `1` enables development mode.

## License:

This project is licensed under Apache License 2.0. A copy of this license is contained in current project under `LICENSE` file. It applies to all files in this project whether or not it is stated in them.

Copyright 2021 | Dimitrios S. Karageorgiou
